API-1201: Be able get attributes searching by codes (#12470)
akeneo/pim-community-dev: CHANGELOG.md

- CLOUD-1959: Use cloud-deployer 2.2 and terraform 0.12.25
- PIM-9306: Enhance catalog volume monitoring count queries for large datasets

> - API-1140: Be able get attributes searching by a list of attribute codes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- API-1140: Added a new search filter on the API get attributes endpoint
```

# Technical Improvements

## Classes

## BC breaks

> - API-1140: Change $criteria format from `Akeneo\Pim\Structure\Bundle\Doctrine\ORM\Repository\ExternalApi\AttributeRepository`

Reviewer 2: Is this really a BC break since this filter is optional ?

Author: It is because if you gave this parameter with the old format it will not work anymore.
